[title] STORY: Breast Comparisons
[by] PudgeAppreciation

[pic] /images/meangirls.png

I ran to the public pool as fast as I could. The last class of the day had dragged on because my professor thought that being last just meant that he could go long without us being late for our next class, ignoring the fact that some of us had non-class activities arranged after school.

When I got to the pool, I saw it was too late. The pool was empty except for two girls floating in the far corner, arguing about something. Arguing intensely about something. I slipped into the pool and swam over, nervous about what I was about to get into.

When I got close, I started wading through the water so I could hear their argument. “Mine are obviously better. If you can’t see that, then I think you should go get your eyes checked.” I heard Marcy announce. In response, Alexandria said, “What?! That’s crazy. Mine are totally better than yours. Look at how tight they fit in my swimsuit!” To which Marcy retorted, “HA! Only because you swapped out your normal one for one a size smaller!”

The odd couple were my two best friends and also long-time rivals. Today they were arguing over who had the most impressive breasts.

Marcy had short brownish-orange hair that barely reached her chin at its longest, and her skin had a beautiful tan. She stood 5 feet, 5 inches, and her body was lean and fit, with faint outlines of muscles on her stomach and arms. Meanwhile, Alexandria was a little taller, but her skin was pale and her body, while still toned, had a softer appearance to it. Her hair was black and long enough to touch her shoulders.

The thing (or pair of things) that the two girls had in common were their breasts. They were both absolutely stacked. Each of their breasts was easily the size of its owner’s head. The two girls bikinis, Marcy’s orange and Alex’s yellow, were pulled tight whenever they were needed to provide support when one of them stood up out of the water. And that is exactly what the two girls did when they noticed me approaching.

The pair heaved their breasts up and out of the water while turning towards me. The momentum they gained from the movement caused them to continue swinging after the rest of their bodies stopped, sagging in their respective cups so that their bottoms hung around an inch above the water’s surface. “Hey!” Marcy called, “We need you to judge which of us has better tits!” I mentally groaned; that wasn’t the type of thing you said so loudly and in public, even if we were the only ones there. “Yeah, we need an unbiased second opinion,” Alexandria added.

As if sharing thoughts, the girls took a step closer together. Their shoulders brushed, and they turned so that their neighboring breasts were pushed together. “So, who is it?” They asked in unison.

I gulped. This felt like a question with no right answer. After a moment of thought, I decided to tell the truth. “Marcy’s boobs are bigger. Now how about we-” A triumphant laugh from Marcy cut me off, “Ha! Your ‘unbiased opinion’ says that mine are better!”

“No! He said that yours are bigger! Size isn’t everything. A girl with balloon boobs like yours may not realize this, but heft, bounce, and balance are just as important, if not more so, than size.”

“Yeah, you can keep telling yourself that.”

Suddenly, the two girls were at my sides, each clinging to one of my arms and enveloping them with their soft, slippery cleavage. “Say that size is better!” “No, say that heft is better!” The two cried for acknowledgment.

Before I could say anything, the three of us were stunned into silence when we heard a fourth voice, one just loud enough to be heard over Marcy and Alex’s commotion. We turned around, and our mouths collectively dropped at the bombshell that had snuck up on us. She looked to be about 5 feet 7 inches, and her wavy brown hair reached halfway down her back. She had a slender frame that had neither visible fat nor muscles, and she had a sweet-looking face that was currently blush-red. She must have overheard our conversation.

I forgive her for being embarrassed at the petty competition, though, because her breasts put both Marcy’s and Alexandria’s to absolute shame. They were probably the largest breasts I had ever seen in person. They were the textbook definition of ‘watermelon-sized’.

Marcy and Alex both wore bikinis that showed an ample amount of skin, but this girl was a level above them for both the raw amount of skin showing and the proportion of exposed skin. The straps of her frilly pink bikini were stretched to the point that they looked like they could snap at any moment. It must have been custom; Marcy and Alex were already pushing the limits of what was sold in conventional stores. Even then, the way the cups dug into her soft skin said that it was too small for her.

She noticed our dumbfounded stares and looked away; her blush becoming a deeper shade of red. Softly, she asked, “I-is it okay if I swim here too? I just want to soak for a while.”

I was the first to find my voice. “Of course you're welcome to swim here; it’s a public pool after all. We’ll do our best not to bother you.”

She smiled at this, but kept looking away from us. Without responding, she sat down on the edge of the pool and lowered herself in. For the last few inches, she came down hard, and the jolt of her feet hitting the pool floor launched her massive breasts into bouncing up and down. With each bounce, they lifted themselves up out of and then back into the water, causing small waves to spread out across the pool. I felt like I could hear the creaking of her straining top. Once she got them under control, they sagged low enough that their bottoms were permanently dipped in the water.

The girl left us, wading to the other side of the pool, where she could float and bob in peace. None of us said anything, but Marcy and Alexandria let go of my arms. I had forgotten they were still there. They backed up and stood apart, looking down into the water, lost in thought.

I was the one to break the silence. “So, we were going to play volleyball, right? Do you want to do 2v1, 1v1v1, or rotating singles?”
